UI Associate DesignerDepartment: Art/Creative, Design Location: New York, New YorkEmployment Type: Full-timeDuties & Responsibilites• Under the guidance of the art director ensure clear and consistent communication of the Madewell Brand on social media channels.• Manage design for multiple social media platforms• Develop/ execute motion strategy within social channels (gifs, slowmotion, hyperlapse, real-time)• Propose and explore new ideas to keep the Madewell social mediavoice relevant and innovative• Manage time and to work successfully and efficiently on all ofMadewell communication platforms
Skills and Attributes• BS/BA degree or equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform essential functions of the job.• 3-5 Yrs relevant experience• Proficiency in InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator• Experience with FinalCutPro, After Effects, or other motion editingsoftware a plus• Understanding of the brand, refined taste level• Strong formal design and typography skills• Knowledge of social media platforms• Ability to prioritize and follow through• Ability to intuit global design trends• Meet creative review and production deadlines• Detail oriented• Proactive, excellent communication skillsAbout the CompanyMadewell is proud to be part of the J.Crew Group and fully shares its commitment to outstanding quality and exceptional service. We continuously dedicate ourselves to bringing inspiration, creativity and unparalleled expertise to Madewell, making growth opportunities endless.Whether you are a recent college graduate ready to embark on your career or a professional looking for an exciting opportunity, we offer a wide array of challenging career paths. We offer a dynamic, collaborative, creative, high-energy atmosphere and seek individuals who are ambitious, inspired and determined to personally grow as we develop our company.DescriptionThe first Madewell store opened in 2006 with designs inspired by our workwear beginnings but modernized for today. Denim is at the core of everything we do, from great jeans to all the things you wear with them: tees, ankle boots, leather jackets and more. Madewell is effortless, sexy, cool, tomboy, artful and unexpected.For more information, visit madewell.com and follow us @madewell1937.



-F6F5F3
-FBFBFB